I want to start by asking everyone in
the audience here a question how many of
you are completely comfortable with
calling yourselves a leader see I've
asked that question all the way across
the country and everywhere I ask it no
matter where there's always a huge
portion of the audience that won't put
up their hand and I've come to realize
that we have made leadership into
something bigger than us we made it into
something beyond us we made it about
changing the world and we've taken this
title of leader and we treat it as if
it's something that one day we're going
to deserve but to give it to ourselves
right now means a level of arrogance or
cockiness that we're not comfortable
with and I worry sometimes that we spend
so much time celebrating amazing things
that hardly anybody can do that we've
convinced ourselves that those are the
only things we're celebrating and we
start to devalue the things that we can
do every day and we start to take
moments where we truly are a leader and
we don't let ourselves take credit for
and we don't let ourselves feel good
about it and I've been lucky enough over
the last 10 years to work with some
amazing people who have helped me
redefine leadership in a way that I
think has made me happier and with my
short time today I just want to share
with you the one story that is probably
most responsible for that redefinition I
went to a school on a little school
called Mount Allison University in
Sackville New Brunswick and on my last
day there a girl came up to me and she
said I remember the first time that I
met you and then she told me a story
that happened four years earlier she
said on my day before I started
University I was in the hotel room with
my mom and my dad and I was so scared
and so convinced that I couldn't do this
that I wasn't ready for university that
I just burst into tears and my mom and
my dad were amazing they were like look
we know you're scared but let's just go
to more let's go to the first day and if
at any point you feel as if you can't do
this that's fine just tell us we will
take you home
we love you no matter what and she said
so I went the next day and I was
standing in line getting ready for
registration and I looked around and I
just knew I couldn't do it I knew I
wasn't ready I knew I had to quit and
she says I made that decision and as
soon as I made it there was this
incredible feeling of peace that came
over me and I turned to my mom and my
dad to tell them that we needed to go
home and just at that moment you came
out of the Student Union Building
wearing the stupidest hat I have ever
seen in my life
it was awesome and you had a big sign
promoting China ramen which is students
fighting cystic fibrosis the charity
I've worked with for years and you had a
bucket full of lollipops and you were
walking along and you were handing the
lollipops out to people in line and
talking about China Rama and all of a
sudden you got to me and you just
stopped and you stared it was creepy
this girl right here knows exactly what
I'm talking about and then you look at
the guy next to me and you smiled and
you reached in your bucket you pulled
out a lollipop and held it out to him
and you said you need to give a lollipop
to the beautiful woman standing next to
you and she said I have never seen
anyone get more embarrassed faster in my
life
he turned beet red and wouldn't even
look at me he just kind of held the
lollipop out like this and I felt so bad
for this dude that I took the lollipop
and as soon as I did you got this
incredibly severe look on your face and
you looked at my mom and my dad and you
said look at that look at that first day
away from home and already she's taking
candy from a stranger and she said
everybody lost it 20 feet in every
direction everyone started to howl and I
know this is cheesy and I don't know why
I'm telling you this but in that moment
when everyone was laughing I knew that I
shouldn't quit I knew that I was where I
was supposed to be and I knew that I was
home and I haven't spoken to you once in
the four years since that day but I
heard that you were leaving and I had to
come up and tell you that you've been an
incredibly important person in my life
and I'm gonna miss you
good luck and she walks away and I'm
flattened and she gets about 6 feet away
she turns around and smiles and goes you
should probably know this too I'm still
dating that guy 4 years later a year and
a half after I moved to Toronto I got an
invitation to their wedding here's the
kicker I don't remember that I have no
recollection of that moment and I've
searched my memory banks because that is
funny and I should remember doing it and
I don't remember it and that was such an
eye-opening transformative moment for me
to think that the maybe the biggest
impact I'd ever had on anyone's life a
moment that had a woman walk up to a
stranger four years later and say you've
been an incredibly important person in
my life was a moment that I didn't even
remember how many of you guys have a
lollipop moment a moment where someone
said something or did something that you
feel fundamentally made your life better
all right how many of you have told that
person they did it see why not
we celebrate birthdays
where all you have to do is not die for
365 days and yet we let people who have
made our lives better walk around
without knowing it and every single one
of you every single one of you has been
the catalyst for a lollipop moment you
have made someone's life better by
something that you said or that you did
and if you think you have it think about
all the hands that didn't go back up
when I asked that question you're just
one of the people who hasn't been told
but it is so scary to think of ourselves
as that powerful it can be frightening
to think that we can matter that much to
other people because as long as we make
leadership something bigger than us as
long as we keep leadership something
beyond us as long as we make it about
changing the world we give ourselves an
excuse not to expect it every day from
ourselves and from each other
Marianne Williamson said our greatest
fear is not that we are inadequate our
greatest fear is that we are powerful
beyond measure
it is our light and not our darkness
that frightens us and my call to action
today is that we need to get over that
we need to get over our fear of how
extraordinarily powerful we can be in
each other's lives we need to get over
it so we can move beyond it and our
little brothers and our little sisters
and one day our kids or our kids right
now can watch a start to value the
impact we can have on each other's lives
more than money and power and titles and
influence we need to redefine leadership
as being about lollipop moments how many
of them we create how many then we
acknowledge how many of them we pay
forward and how many them we say thank
you for because we've made leadership
about changing the world and there is no
world there's only six billion
understandings of it and if you change
one person's understanding of it one
person's understanding of what they're
capable of one person's understanding of
how much people care about them one
person's understanding of how powerful
an agent for change they can be in this
world you've changed the whole thing and
if we can chain understand leadership
like that I think if we can redefine
leadership like that I think we can
change everything and it's a simple idea
but I don't think it's a small one and I
want to thank you all so much for
letting me share it with you today
having a great day at Ted I'll see you
later
you